change ambiguous statement in cfi section (#1642)
riscv/riscv-isa-manual: src/unpriv-cfi.adoc

subversion of the return address control variable and causes a software-check
exception.

> The Zicfiss instructions Pop, Push and, Read are encoded using a subset of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Zicfiss instructions, except `SSAMOSWAP.W/D`, are encoded using a subset of
```
